docs: initiate rendered documentation via ndg (#43)
feel-co/hjem: docs/inputs/index.md

# Preface {#preface}

Welcome to Hjem documentation! This online manual aims to describe how to get
started with, use and at times extend Hjem.

::: {.tip}

We also provide a short option reference. Hjem does not vendor any modules
similar to Home-Manager and Nix-Darwin, but there exists a companion project
that aims to bridge the gap between Hjem and per-program modules. If you are
interested in such a setup, we encourage you to take a look at

> [Hjem-Rum](https://github.com/snugnug/hjem-rum)

Author: It is masked. I'm not sure what you are referring to?

> [Hjem-Rum](https://github.com/snugnug/hjem-rum)

Author: This is the same behaviour.

:::

## Installing Hjem

[Nix Flakes]: https://nix.dev/concepts/flakes.html

The primary method of installing Hjem is through [Nix Flakes]. To get started,
you must first Hjem as a flake input in your `flake.nix`.

```nix
# flake.nix
{
  inputs = {
    # ↓  Add here in the 'inputs' section. The name is arbitrary.
    hjem.url = "github:feel-co/hjem";
  };
}
```

Hjem is distributed as a **NixOS module** for the time being, and you must
import it as such. For the sake of brevity, this guide will demonstrate how to
import it from inside the `nixosSystem` call.

```nix
# flake.nix
{
  inputs = {
    nixpkgs.url = "github:NixOS/nixpkgs/nixos-unstable";
    hjem.url = "github:feel-co/hjem";
  };

  outputs = inputs: {
    nixosConfigurations."<your_hostname>" = inputs.nixpkgs.lib.nixosSystem {
      # ...
      modules = [
        inputs.hjem.nixosModules.default
      ];
      # ...
    };
  };
}
```

## Usage

> The user interface for Hjem is incredibly simple. At the same time, it is also
> very robust. Hjem shaves off the unnecessary complexity by exposing a simple
> interface used to link files. Namely, you are interested in the
> {option}`hjem.users.<user>.files` submodule as it is the main feature of Hjem;
> it links files in place.

Reviewer: This paragraph just reads really strangely, here's my suggestion.

```suggestion
Hjem achieves both simplicity and robustness by shaving off the unnecessary complexity
and exposing a simple interface used to link files:
{option}`hjem.users.<user>.files`. This is the core of Hjem―file linking.
```

### `hjem.users`

{option}`hjem.users` is the main entry point used to declare individual users
for Hjem. It contains several sub-options that may be used to control Hjem's
behaviour per user. You may refer to the option documentation for more details
on each bell and whistle. Important options to be aware of are as follows.

> - {option}`hjem.users.<name>.enable` allows toggling file linking for individual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {option}`hjem.users.<name>.enable` toggles file linking for individual
```

Author: This doesn't toggle anything by itself, it only *allows* toggling if the user desires to. Logical error if we change it.
